## Download the Certificate

*Android device settings may vary by operating system. This help page is
based on the official Android OS.*

To download the certificate, visit the following site inside the browser
of your device.

* http://private.yuyuyui.org/cert/

Note that you should input the whole URL including the "http" part.

If you have successfully connected to the proxy, you should see a link
for downloading the certificate now.

You might want to try different browsers if there is any problem.

Press the link and download and open the ".pem" file. 

If the device starts letting you to install the certificate, you can just
follow the steps and finish installing and skip the following part. If you
are asked for the usage of the certificate, choose "VPN and app" or similar
options.

If the device asks you to **Install CA certificates in Settings**, go to
**Settings** -> **Security** -> **Encryption & credentials** -> **Install
a certificate** -> **CA certificate**, read through the warning, and then
press **INSTALL ANYWAY** in the bottom left corner. Choose the ".pem" file
you just downloaded. You should receive a push notification telling you
**Certificate authorities installed**.

## Trust the Certificate

By default Android apps don't trust certificates installed by the user, so
you need to modify the game APK package. You have two options:

1. Follow a tutorial online. A good example is [this one](https://hurricanelabs.com/blog/modifying-android-apps-to-allow-tls-intercept-with-user-cas/).
2. Download a pre-modified one [here](https://d3204tmbjpbaf4.cloudfront.net/3.28.0/jp.co.altplus.yuyuyui.allow_ssl.apk),
which is also modified by following the same tutorial.

Either way, you should understand the risk behind it. The only modification
to the APK is to allow it to trust user certificates.

However, you can't install this APK directly since they have different
signatures. You will need to uninstall the original game, and then install
the new APK.

**IMPORTANT!**

**If you uninstall the original game, make sure you transfer
your account to another device or at least get the transfer password and
write it down, otherwise your account WILL BE LOST!**

You should be able to use the private server and the account transfer tool
now.