# How to Connect to the Proxy

This page describes how to connect to the proxy before using the private
server or the account transfer tool.

## Choose the Correct Proxy IP

After staring the private server or the account transfer tool, you can go
to the STATUS page to check the IP address of the proxy.

If you can see only one IP address, you can skip this part. If you have
multiple IP addresses and you don't know which to choose, you will first
need to get the local IP address of your mobile device.

* For iOS Device

  Go to **Settings** -> **Wi-Fi**, and then click the blue info icon to the 
  right of your connected Wi-Fi, with an **i** in it. You can see the IP
  address and the subnet mask under **IPV4 ADDRESS**.

* For Android Device

  *Android device settings may vary by operating system. This tutorial page
  is based on the official Android OS.*

  Go to **Settings** -> **Network & internet** -> **Internet**, and then
  click the Settings button that looks like a gear to the right of your
  connected Wi-Fi. You can see the IP address and the subnet mask under
  **Network details**.

After getting the IP address of your mobile device, you just need to choose
the proxy IP that is within the same subnet as your device. If you don't
know how to do that, you can use the small tool provided in the STATUS page.

## Connect to the Proxy

After getting the proxy IP, you will need to connect to it. You'll need the
IP address and the port of the proxy from the STATUS page. The IP address
is the part before the ":" and the port is the part after it.

* For iOS Device

  Go to **Settings** -> **Wi-Fi**, and then click the blue info icon to the
  right of your connected Wi-Fi, with an **i** in it. 

  Then, go to the bottom of the page, press **Configure Proxy**, and choose
  **Manual**. Input the IP address of the proxy from the STATUS page into
  **Server** field, and the port of the proxy into **Port** field. Ignore
  the **Authentication** toggle and press **Save** on the top right of the
  page.

* For Android Device

  *Android device settings may vary by operating system. This tutorial page
  is based on the official Android OS.*

  Go to **Settings** -> **Network & internet** -> **Internet**, and then
  click the Settings button that looks like a gear to the right of your
  connected Wi-Fi. Press the **Modify** button on the top right of the page
  that looks like a pen.

  In **Proxy** dropdown, select **Manual**, and input the IP Address of the
  proxy into the **Proxy hostname** field, and the port into the
  **Proxy port** field. Press the **SAVE** button to the bottom right of the
  page.

After you connected your device to the proxy, you should be able to access
the page on your mobile device:

* http://private.yuyuyui.org/cert/

If you see the download certificate link, it means that you have successfully
connected to the proxy.

You can now download and install the SSL certificate generated by the program.

*For more info about how to install an SSL certificate to your device, 
please check:*

